Ah!
OK
Li Zeyan was just playing on the scene just now
Let's get down to business
You want to run the Empire of Buildings and Jewels
You have to work with me
So I guess I was right.
In the last life, Su Sitian advised me to give up my family property for He Feiyu and persuade me to take away the Star of the Empire
It should be to hook up with Li Zeyan
Did anyone tell you
A man likes a woman who can arouse his desire to conquer
It's not good to be suppressed by your cousin in the Li Group these years
You and Li Yuan have been fighting for so many years
They all want to take the inheritance of this jewelry empire
And our Su family owns the Empire Star diamond
As long as you are willing to cooperate with me
I can help you defeat Li Yuan
Become the heir to the Li Group
You know too much.
I am the eldest daughter of the Su family
As long as you are willing to cooperate with me
I can give you the Imperial Star
What is your purpose?
I want you to help me take back the Su Corporation
This deal
You don't suffer
It's not impossible to promise you.
But
You must promise me a condition
What!
Be my wife
You want me to be your wife?
Empire Star is no small matter
Words are unfounded
I want you to marry me.
I can make sure I get it.
The worst men have been married anyway
This Li Zeyan
At least it's the best
OK, deal.
What's up?
I'll give it to you after receiving the certificate.
As expected of a businessperson
You can't eat a little loss
My mom said
The sweet mood in the mouth is good
Why is this necklace with her?
Su Yaoan, you regret your marriage in public
Lost the face of the Su family and didn't kneel down